===StartingText

TODO: Write a begining to this this things, focus more on details on day, location, 

TODO: Connect these paragrams more seamlessly. Jusify going into all these diffrent details on how people study 

Most undergrads keep to themeselves, avoiding study groups in favor of wringing as much knowledge out of 3 pages of notes they took the first week of class, occationly sending or recieving messages casually begging for a google drive link to the textbook pdf no-one bought. A desprate plea that would of likely been awnsered with winky face emoji and some scarried blue-underlined text at the begining of the week, but is now vindictively witdheld.

//alt: With students sharing half of a pill of adderal to squeeze as much knowledge out of the 3 pages of notes to taken in the first year of class.

Some, afraid that the judgement free enviroment of their dorm-room will trap them inside an internet rabbit hole, seek accountablity in public space. Prime real-estate is the college cafiteria, whose pre-paid offering of bottomless burnt coffee and salty food products that keep students paranoid and thirsty....ugh.. I mean wired and ready to absord knowledge.

Those commuiting into school every day tend towards studying in the libabry, whose main issue for long study sessions is the trempamental libraians No-eating, No-drinking policy. By junior year everyone figures out the system of going upstairs to the stacks and quickly downing a 4 hour enegry and perhaps a few bites of sandwhich before returning to the grind. Not that it's easy to get into the zone when freshmen are literally falling asleep next to you.

The last notable place of study (baring those who study outside in the sun like absoulte morons) is a cozy bubble tea place a short walk from the campus. the setting for this short piece of interactive fiction.

The cafe's square inteorior is split into 3 sections, on the left side (where the entry is) a small foyer for customers to wait for there drinks as they try to figure out where to stand as to not give the impression that they're still waiting to be served. In front is the counter and a minimal kitchen.  taking up the entire rightside is the seating area where most of our characters are located. There's also a door at the back leading to courtyard for customers to chainsmoke (those arrgonant enough to assume that area is for customers that is, which it is)

The cafe does respectable business during finals, mainly catering to three groups. First is the steady stream of students treating themselves to a sweet drink to celebrate/morn there performance in their last exams. Second is a smaller group of students who order a bottomless coffee before slowly releazing that, while it is aesteticaly pleasing to be seen studying in a cafe, it's basically impossible to focus without some heavy duty noice canceling headphones. The last and smallest group are the seniors/grad students who own noice canceling headphones, the type of people to get in early to save their seat, and only leave past closing time. 

Still, despite the noise, there is oftern a sweet spot around midday where people are basically productive. Perhaps not by the standards of an Ivy league school Adderall party but...well there are worse places to casually procastinate.

That sweet spot is well behind us now, as 7pm clicks round, students have long since noticed that they've been studying the laberithine drinks menu on the wall more closely than their matLab algorithms, and have sheepishly packed up their chromebooks to go "study" somewhere else. Still some straglers are trying to keep the study party going, an afformentioned headphone user and an extremly-in-denial-about-there-continued-prospects-in-biomed biomed major. Both are trying to ignore the two study buddies that started playing jenga instead of leaving.

While a more diverse set of people would normally be around this time, today only two professors have arrived, They're both subtly bithching about their respective departments, unloading mental bagage from the highschool 6.0 that is college intradepartmental poltics.

Also arriving post golden hour, are a group of soriety girls that are now chainsmoking outside. They're honestly mostly done with finals so their really chill right now.

Then of course there are also the baristas themselves, one of whome is in a sling, and the other who is extremly tired. 

TODO: Go into more details about the other groups.

TODO: End this section explaining how to approach this work. 

->Overworld


Finals weeks is now in a state of winding down, where everyone used to be

The cafe is 